Memory Forensics

1) The RAM or Random Access Memory is the piece of hardware in the computer that stores
    volatile information ready to be read at any time, it is the fastest memory the computer
    have, outside of the cpu cache and gpu memory, and the computer uses it to store everything
    it works on or opened currently, unlike with just mass storage, the RAM stores the information
    the computer needs to function and run its current proccesses and services, the RAM loads
    bytes to the cpu, the cpu makes calculations and return the output to the RAM, whenever we
    need to load something new, we take it from the storage drive and load it into RAM so that
    the computer can work with it. The entire porpuse of RAM is to be fast accessible storage for
    the computer to store data it is working on. Storage drives like SSD or HDD will contain all
    the information the computer have and want to keep after restarts or on power offs, the RAM
    will store only whatever the computer needs to function and proccess and it is deleted after
    every poweroff.

2) In a memory dump we can find all of the information that was stored in the RAM.
    We can find all of our running proccesses, drivers, network connection, etc
    And also all of the information the computer needs to function correctly, not just function,
    but correctly, like what permissions does the connected user have, what is there password,
    their clipboard history, etc

3) Volatility is an open source tool for analyzing RAM, it is cross platform and based on python.
    Volatility can be used to analyze raw dumps, crush dumps, VMware and virtualbox dumps.
    Volatility can be used to see what running proccesses were active on the computer, what DLLs they
    were using and it can even dump those DLLs so we can investigate them, it can show us all network
    connection active on the computer, and even what commands were run in cmd. And more.

4) We can use the pslist plugin to identify what proccesses has been closed by looking at the ExitTime.

5) Whenever a computer goes to Hibernation, what effectively happens is that the computer loads all of
    its data from RAM to the Root Storage Drive at "C:\hyberfil.sys" and shutdown completely, when the
    computer turns on next, it loads back all of its data from the "C:\hyberfil.sys" back to the RAM,
    and by doing so it can revert back to its original state before hybernation. Its like shutting down
    but without closing anything.

6) The paging proccess is the proccess of transfering data from the RAM to the Storage Drive,
    specifically to the "page file" file at "C:\pagefile.sys", we can control the size of the page file
    if we want. The purpose of the pagefile is to be extra storage for the RAM when it need some, whenever
    the RAM fills up and the user wants to open another proccess, the RAM needs to locate memory to the new
    proccess, but it doesn't have any so it takes one of the proccesses that haven't been used recently or
    by whatever algorithm it uses, and takes the data and transfers it to the pagefile, when it finishes
    transfering it deletes the data from the RAM to clear space for the new process, and when a different
    program closes and frees up memory it can if it wants, load the data back to RAM, or if the user activates
    or wants to use the program which transfered to the storage drive, the RAM loads a different part to the pagefile,
    and reloads the previous data it stored, in what effectively called memory swapping.